Add Klaytn v1.8.2 download page (#414)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/node/download/v1.8.2.md

- [kpn-baobab-v1.8.2-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz](https://packages.klaytn.net/klaytn/v1.8.2/kpn-baobab-v1.8.2-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz)
- [ken-baobab-v1.8.2-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz](https://packages.klaytn.net/klaytn/v1.8.2/ken-baobab-v1.8.2-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz)

Common Packages
- [kscn-v1.8.2-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz](https://packages.klaytn.net/klaytn/v1.8.2/kscn-v1.8.2-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz)
- [kspn-v1.8.2-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz](https://packages.klaytn.net/klaytn/v1.8.2/kspn-v1.8.2-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz)
- [ksen-v1.8.2-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz](https://packages.klaytn.net/klaytn/v1.8.2/ksen-v1.8.2-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz)
- [kbn-v1.8.2-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz](https://packages.klaytn.net/klaytn/v1.8.2/kbn-v1.8.2-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz)
- [kgen-v1.8.2-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz](https://packages.klaytn.net/klaytn/v1.8.2/kgen-v1.8.2-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz)
- [homi-v1.8.2-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz](https://packages.klaytn.net/klaytn/v1.8.2/homi-v1.8.2-0-darwin-10.10-amd64.tar.gz)

## Windows <a id="windows"></a>

- Not supported yet

# Release Notes <a id="release-notes"></a>

## Fixes

>  - Returned the same receipt status with Ethereum for eth_getTransactionReceipt API (#1257)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed to return the same receipt status with Ethereum for `eth_getTransactionReceipt` API (#1257)
```

>  - Removed EthereumTxTypeEnvelope from raw transaction API returns (#1264)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Removed `EthereumTxTypeEnvelope` from raw transaction API returns (#1264)
```

>  - Returned null for the non-existing block in eth namespace APIs (#1261 #1267)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed to return null for the non-existing block in `eth` namespace APIs (#1261 #1267)
```
